Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
A WIFE'S SUSPICION
Translation. Review by Angel.
There are no
footings!
Calm down, honey.
Up to your right.
Right there, up
to your right.
That is it.
Jack, I cannot!
You can do
it, Renee.
Jack?
I got you!
I got you, honey.
I got you.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Nothing like a
Sunday climb.
Hang on! I am going to start
pulling you up, okay?
Are you ready?
I got you. Ready?
Here we go.
That is it.
- That was crazy.
- Right?
I thought I was
going to fall.
- I am so proud of you.
- Whew!
I do not know how you think I
am going to make it back down.
Well, I guess I am just going to
have to leave you up here then.
You do not dare.
You do not worry, there is a path
that leads down to the parking lot.
That was great.
Always prepared.
This is so
beautiful.
It is.
Let us just stay up
here for a bit, okay?
Speaking of
beautiful.
We should probably
take this off.
That better be all
you are taking.
Come on.
There is no
one up here.
Come on, we are alone.
Who would see?
Jack.
Carabiners, colors
of the rainbow, go!
Red, orange, yellow,
green and blue.
Well done!
Thank you.
I love you.
POLICE
Tim, do you have
those test results…
back from the
Ridley case?
Sure, boss.
Great!
Congratulations,
too, by the way.
Thank you.
May I say what an honor? It
has been to work with you…
these past
couple of years.
I feel very lucky to have
learned from such a...
Such a consummate
professional, so thank you.
Flattery will get
you everywhere.
- Get back to work.
- Roger that, boss.
Yeah, I do not like
when you call me boss.
Sorry.
Everyone knows that
we have the best…
forensic team
on the force.
I want to give props to my
partner, Detective Ferguson.
His relentless work
and hard evidence...
was just the dagger we
needed to put this guy away.
Thank you,
Detective Knox.
It is always a pleasure to
catch criminals with you, too.
And Renee, your chain of
custody on the DNA evidence...
really helped nail the
case shut, so good work.
I was just doing
my job, Kyle.
Okay, drinks on Ferguson
Billy Miner Pub, tonight!
Wow!
By the way, I put a word
in for that promotion.
Why would you
do that?
Well, I was just
trying to help.
I am good, Kyle.
All right!
Give it up,
Ferguson.
She dumped your ass
a long time ago.
Yeah.
ALE HOUSE
Cheers!
You would have made
a great detective.
You know that's
not my thing.
I like my science.
Matching DNA,
identifying fibers.
Stop, please.
It is amazing to me
that you managed…
to take that lab coat off and
actually marry your man.
Honestly, it is a
miracle, truly.
Is not it six
months next week?
Is it already?
And by the way, my
job is not boring.
See, that is why
I love you.
She is crazy.
You have it all now.
How is it going
with Kyle?
What do you mean?
Well, you married his
best friend, or...
Ex-best friend now.
They, I mean, they do not hang
out, or go climbing anymore.
However, I think that
has to be expected.
Time does heal.
Well, hello, women,
room for one more?
Yeah, of course!
- Hey, honey.
- Hey. Hi.
Congrats on cracking
another case.
Thanks. Thank you.
- Hey, buddy.
- Hey.
- It was a team effort.
- Yeah.
Catch you all later.
- Come on, Kyle.
- Yeah, stay.
I got a friend waiting
for me at the bar.
I have already kept him
waiting long enough.
Wait!
Renee, we should have
everyone over for dinner.
To celebrate.
It sounds great!
Good.
We will see you
later, then.
Yeah.
Do not you think
this is too soon?
We have kept to ourselves
for the past few months.
Look, enough time
has passed, honey.
It will be good
for all of us.
Trust me.
- All right!
- I…I disagree.
- Yeah?
Come here.
Anywhere in the world, where
would you want to go?
- Thailand.
- Thailand?
Hold that thought.
Not tonight.
- What if is it work?
- What if is it not?
Come here.
- All right!
- Thank you.
Murphy.
Yeah, I got it.
CRIME SCENE
DO NOT CROSS
So, what do we have?
No sign of
forced entry...
- No struggle.
- That is conjecture.
Let us find some
hard evidence.
I talked to the
building manager…
about the
surveillance tapes.
- Anything?
- Nothing yet.
Let us go talk to
the neighbors.
Taking trophies,
are we?
Therefore, what, you think
somebody accessed the balcony,
from up here?
It is possible.
Looks like the markings
of a thick rope.
Could it be the
window washer?
No, it is a
single rope.
I got something.
What is it?
It is a carabiner.
Climbers use them to keep
tension on the ropes.
Looks like we found
point of entry...
Whoever killed our victim
repelled down the building,
In addition, onto
the balcony.
Well, well.
I have done some pretty
interesting climbs.
However, I have to tell
you, whoever did this…
got to give them
points for creativity.
Do you see anything?
See what you
can pull…
then let us get this off to
the lab for possible DNA.
Hey. Did you
get anything?
Well, nothing yet, but we're
still working the evidence.
However, that murder scene
was unusually clean.
No prints, no
fibers, no hairs.
Just the carabiner
that Kyle found.
No signs of
struggle?
Did you get the results back
from the coroner's office?
Yeah, preliminary said there
was no drug in her system,
Moreover, we are still waiting
for the full report but...
Well, whoever did
this was good.
It is almost impossible not
to leave trace evidence…
at a crime scene.
This is definitely not
the work of an amateur.
Hey, baby.
I have to go.
Hey, honey.
How was your day?
How was yours?
Well, we just
found out...
that the shipment is going
to be late from China...
which is causing a
lot more headaches,
because of the server
breakdown, but..
- I am sorry to hear.
- It will be fine.
- Hungry?
- Starving.
- Order in.
- Done.
It is like a cat,
and a mouse.
It takes a sophisticated mind
to leave the crime's scene,
without any trace
of evidence.
I mean, those are clear markers
that whoever did this...
wants us to
follow them.
Who?
The killer. Jack?
Right.
I have to get this.
Yeah?
I will be
right there.
I have to head back
to the office.
Our junior tech working
nights just screwed up...
the server problem
even more.
Well, cannot
somebody else do it?
Renee, I designed
the system.
I am the only one who can
go inside and fix it.
I am sorry! It is
just the way it is.
How many night late crime
scenes have I attended, right?
Seven over the
last twelve weeks.
Nevertheless, who is counting?
I will talk to you later.
Send me updates.
Red, orange, yellow,
green, and blue.
Hey.
Hi.
- Coffee?
- Yes.
What is up?
You seem stressed.
Just have my head in
the case. That is all.
Are you sure,
that is it?
I did not sleep
last night.
Jack never
came home.
I mean, how many times I
have gone off on a case,
and I do not even come back
until the next night, right?
Yeah.
Moreover, marriage
is about trust,
because you are in it
for the long haul.
In addition, let us face
it you are better off it.
I mean, Kyle.
He must have
been a handful.
You do not get me wrong,
I trust the person...
with my life, but
outside of work?
Kyle is great with
his daughter, Sage.
She adores him.
He is a different
person outside of work.
I know that his wife is
death hit him hard, but...
It is Kyle.
Therefore, what do
we have so far?
Victim's name is
Jessica Grigson...
Thirty-two, lawyer,
no priors.
No family that we
can find as of yet.
Cause of death
was strangulation.
The perp came in
through the roof...
climbed down the side
of the building...
into the victim's
balcony.
Coroner said there were very
few signs of a struggle...
very few ligature
marks on the body.
The hemorrhage indicates one
instance of strangulation.
I mean, if it was a
possible sex game...
there would be numerous
attempts where he allows her...
to regain consciousness
in between.
Well, the coroner report has
not come back final yet.
So let us just
stay on topic.
I know I have seen this
rope placement before.
Look at the facts,
not theories.
I am going to go through
the cold cases.
- Renee.
- I have seen this before.
Kyle let her finish.
I...I am the lead
detective on this case.
That means follow my lead,
not follow your imagination.
I am in charge.
Then you know that when a
murderer uses a rope...
much like a knife,
it is personal.
Look at this
binding.
It is meticulous, methodical,
very precise, premeditated.
In addition, the chunk of hair he
is taking as a trophy post-mortem.
This person is
playing us.
Are you done yet?
Okay, so does anyone else have
any ideas, theories? Kyle?
I have to get back to work,
and find some real clues.
- Renee.
- Kyle.
What do you think
you are doing?
Communicating
my findings.
That is not communicating,
that is dictating.
And sometimes these
creative ideas of yours...
lead us down a road
away from the facts.
In addition,
yours do not.
I chase the facts.
I produce results.
Look, I am just giving
credible evidence...
to help us catch a
killer. That is my job.
And if you are having a hard
time separating work...
from our past..
You are right.
I am sorry.
Maybe I am guilty of
still caring a bit.
But this is still my
investigation.
I know.
I am sorry, too.
However, let us just focus
on finding the killer.
I agreed.
- Are we good?
- Yeah.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah, I am fine.
You know, he is just jealous
because your forensic work...
is saving all his
cases, right?
What is wrong?
Are you getting over-involved
in this case already?
Look! I just… I know I
have seen that before.
It is as if it is in the back of
my head and I cannot pull it out.
Renee, remember the last
time you got obsessed...
with a case, and you
asked me to tell you...
When it was
happening again?
Therefore, it is
happening again.
Maybe I am too obsessive
for my own good.
Moreover, maybe
Kyle is right.
Just concentrate
on the facts.
Whoever did this, we
are going to get him.
Tim, where is the
Grigson file?
Apologies.
Detective
Ferguson asked...
for some other case
files done pronto.
I... I got behind.
Well, you can tell Detective
Ferguson that he needs to ask me.
Before he tells my department,
what they should be doing.
- Okay?
- Copy that, yeah.
Do we get any DNA back
on the carabiner?
I... I did not get a
chance to get it off yet.
Did you pull
a print?
Yeah, but I was only
able to pull a partial,
and unfortunately it
is not enough to...
to pull a print
from our database.
Tim, everything needs to be
checked and vetted, okay?
Moreover, I need you
to pull cold cases.
All the murders of women
in the past five years.
In addition, get
this to the lab.
Hey.
I did not mean
to wake you.
Where have you been?
Honey, look...
I am sorry about
the other night.
I lost track
of time.
It looks like we both
need boundaries at work.
It is that crazy work
ethic gene of ours.
We got too much
of it, right.
I am sorry.
I am sorry, too.
I love you.
I love you, too.
Come to bed.
Well! She has got
him well trained.
He loves to cook. He
could be more perfect.
- Seriously?
- Apparently not.
Okay, intelligent,
athletic.
In addition, he is a
successful entrepreneur.
Hey, Jade. I have not seen
you at the precinct lately.
Yeah, I have been out
on surveillance.
Not my favorite,
but duty calls.
I will get that.
- Renee!
- Sage!
You are more beautiful
every time I see you.
Are you still
running track?
Yeah, we have a race
next week.
Can you come?
We are pretty
busy at work.
However... I
will try.
Okay.
Everyone is in the back.
Can I take your coat?
Yeah. Thanks.
You have a
beautiful house.
Thank you, sweetie.
She is something.
Her Mommy would
be proud.
Yeah, I wish Holly
were alive to see her.
She could use another
female influence...
in her life.
Well, maybe I could
take her shopping,
or to the park
sometime?
Renee that would
be great, really.
Hey, Kyle.
I am glad you people
could make it.
Jack.
Scotch?
- Yeah, this sounds great.
- Right this way.
Jade?
Are you looking
for something?
I just needed
my phone.
You know me, I cannot
go anywhere without it.
The barbecue
was amazing.
Thank you.
I am glad.
You're welcome!
Sage was so sweet,
do not you think?
I am going to take her
to the park on Sunday.
Are you sure, that
is such a good idea?
Why would not it be?
Well, things are
still a little...
uncomfortable
with Kyle.
I thought they were
better tonight.
However, this is not
about Kyle.
Sage caught
in the crossfire,
and I miss her.
Okay.
Jack?
She is a
little girl.
I understand.
I was thinking. I want
us to start planning...
that vacation to
see your family.
Yeah. Sure, that
would be great.
However... it has
been a long day.
Been cooking all day, and
I got some work to do.
Can we talk about
it tomorrow?
Please?
Okay.
Good. I am just going
to get ready for bed.
There is a school
dance coming up.
That sounds fun.
Do you have a date?
Renee.
Yeah, it is a lot.
However, I am looking
forward to it all.
Hey, you know that if you
ever want to ask me anything.
You just have
to call, right?
Well, I do have a question
that I wanted to ask…
for a while.
Okay, what is it?
Why you married Jack
and not my Daddy?
Honey.
I am so sorry; I did not talk
to you about this before.
Your Daddy and I just
were not getting along.
You still work
together, though.
It is complicated,
Sage.
Well, what did
your Daddy say?
He said you did not
like him anymore.
Well, that
is not true.
He is a good Daddy.
However, what I
know for sure.
He has one amazing
daughter.
Morgan, hey, I
am so sorry.
I forgot to
call you.
It is all right. Do you
still want to meet up?
I cannot, I am outside
Jack's office.
I want to surprise
him for lunch.
Yeah. I have to go.
I will see you
later, then.
- Hey.
How was your day?
Good.
Just catching up
on some work.
Well, I am beat, I am
going to have a shower,
and crawl into bed.
How was your day?
Well, we had to reboot
the servers again.
Solved one problem, which
leads to another one.
However, that is the
computer biz for you.
- Jack?
- Yeah.
Is everything
all right?
Yeah, everything
is fine.
Are you okay?
Yeah, I am good.
All right, I will
see you upstairs.
You do not
work too late.
Hey.
I think I have something
on the Grigson case.
Apparently our dead girl
was part of a group
for ex-junkies.
Narcotics No More.
I am going to head
down, check it out.
See what I can find.
Anything on that
fingerprint?
- Nothing yet.
- Let me know.
NNM
NARCOTICS-NO-MORE
THE BRIDGE TOWARDS
ADDICTION RECOVERY
Renee?
Do you mind if
I have a seat?
Sure.
I just wanted
to say.
That Sage was happy to
spend some time with you.
She came home,
and she was..
In the greatest of
moods, she was just..
She is a great kid.
You did an amazing
job with her.
Thanks.
What about you
and Jack?
You are so great
with Sage, you…
Do you people ever think
about having kids?
I hit a sore spot.
No, we just... we are
both focused on our work.
That is all.
Well, maybe you should
take some time off.
Get to know each
other better.
Wow! When did you become
the relationship expert?
Yeah, well…
I guess, I learned my
lesson the hard way.
It is not always
about the job.
Better late than
never, I guess.
I am sorry how things
ended between us.
I too.
Jack is a
lucky person.
Always has been.
Thank you.
I have some work,
I have to do.
Yeah, sure.
NNM
Hey.
Honey?
You are home late.
I had some things to
finish up at work,
and some errands
to run.
How are you?
Pretty good,
actually.
We get a lead in the
Jessica Grigson case.
Wow!
Yeah, it turns out she is a
member of a support group.
Narcotics No More.
Did you hear of it?
Yeah.
Yeah, a friend of mine
used to go there.
But that was a
long time ago.
Listen! I am going
to watch TV.
Do you want
to join me?
No, I have some
work to do.
Are you sure?
All right!
I love you.
Hey, Tim.
Why do not you
take a break?
Are you sure?
Yeah, we have been working
around the clock.
It would be good to catch
up on a few things.
Hey, does anything come
back from the lab?
Nothing yet.
There was a strange
anomaly, though.
I wanted to confirm before
mentioning it to you.
However, some of the
boxes mixed up.
Moreover, I cannot find
case number 52899.
The file and box
are both missing.
Well, who pulled
the files?
Ferguson.
Did you want me to go
check the storage?
No, no. I am fine.
Go home.
Are you sure?
I mean, I can stay
a bit longer.
I was on my way
there anyway.
Get out of here.
All right!
POLICE DEPARTMENT
CRIMINAL RECORDS DATABASE
SEARCHING DATABASE
MATCH FOUND
So, what do we have?
BOYDEN, STEVEN
COUNTY P.D
ARREST HISTORY
Steven Boyden?
Drugs? Assault?
My God!
LOCK-UP FILE ROOM
STORAGE SIGN
OUT SHEET
FERGUSON - HOMICIDE
Hello?
96, 97, 98,
99.
Where are you, 99?
Did not you
see anyone?
No, I thought I
heard something.
However, I did not
see anything.
Do you want me
to call Jack?
No, I am fine.
The cold case file that
I was looking for...
It is missing.
What would someone
want with a cold case?
I do not know.
Well, that is certainly
weird, is not it?
You signed
everything out.
Did not you notice
it was missing?
Are you accusing
me of something?
I only went off your hunch
to look at the cold cases.
Renee, he is right.
This has to be related
to the Grigson murder.
Why do not I just
take you home?
You can get
some rest.
What is the number
of the file?
I will go
look for it.
52899.
What?
Kyle?
Kyle, what is it?
52899, that is...
Holly's murder
case file.
What?
What does Holly's murder have
to do with the Grigson case?
What is the number?
52899.
It is gone. Her file
is not in the system.
- It has been wiped.
- That is impossible.
You would have to have
police clearance,
or be a really good
computer hacker...
to get through
our firewall.
Renee?
Kyle, are you okay?
Are you okay?
Yeah, I am fine.
I am fine.
I just need
a moment.
You people go,
I will catch up.
What?
I did not work
Holly's case.
However, I think I remember
the crime scene photos.
She was strangled.
Nevertheless, I think
the ropes were similar.
That is why the file
disappeared.
In addition, that has
to be the connection.
Come on, I am going
to take you home.
We can figure this
out in the morning.
Renee, you
need to sleep.
Jack?
I thought I
was over it.
Your wife was
murdered.
That is not something
you just get over.
You have to give
yourself a break!
I tried counseling,
I really did.
I know.
I would do it every day of the
week if I thought it would…
help me get over how
it all went down.
However, nothing
seems to work.
You have to let
someone in.
I know.
However, we both know
it is not that easy.
Do you really think there is a
connection between the murders?
Holly's?
I think Holly's
was the first.
Then the killer got
a taste for murder.
And systematically
chose his next victim.
Do not you see the
similarities with the ropes…
between Holly and
the Grigson case?
Moreover, files do not just
magically disappear, Kyle.
Someone is trying
to hide something.
That beautiful, creative
mind of yours never stops.
Life is not just one big
conspiracy theory, you know.
I miss you.
I know I messed up.
I know it is
probably too late.
However, I would let you in if you
could give me another chance.
Hi, honey?
I am in here.
Jack, how are
you, buddy?
Kyle.
I was just leaving. Thanks
for the talk, Renee.
I will see you
around, Jack.
Are you working
late again?
What is he
doing here?
We need to talk.
Renee, is something going
on between you and Kyle?
We were talking
about a case.
I am sorry; It just
seems a little odd.
You are in our house
alone with him.
One, he is a
colleague.
In addition, two, you do not
tell me who I can be friend.
I am not trying
to tell you.
Who or who you cannot
be friend with, Renee.
However, I know him very well
or have you forgotten that?
I am sorry.
I am jealous.
All right.
Satisfied?
What?
Steven Boyden.
Renee!
Look! I wanted to tell
you about my past.
I did.
However, I was afraid if I…
if I did, I would lose you.
Moreover, I could
not do that.
Therefore, I kept
it a secret.
I kept it a secret
from everyone.
I have worked hard to put
Steven Boyden behind me.
I did some time, and I
paid for what I did.
I am not the same
person, Renee.
You have to
believe that.
Why do you still go
to Narcotics No More?
Have you been
following me?
I am a cop, Jack.
In addition, who is
that blonde woman?
What do you
mean, Bess?
Honey!
Baby… I am
her sponsor.
- A sponsor?
- Yeah.
Part of the program is about
getting second chances.
Moreover, I believe
in second chances.
That is why I did not tell
you about Steve Boyden.
Sometimes you do not
get second chances.
I could not
risk losing you.
I am so
sorry, Renee.
Please forgive me.
I forgive you.
What is going on?
Holly's file that went missing
triggered a security breach.
Now they got us on lockdown
until we can find it.
- Have they been to the lab?
- They are everywhere.
Locker us, Morgan
call Jade.
Let us re-work some
of the Grigson leads.
I have been trying her
since this morning.
It goes straight
to the voice mail.
See?
You cannot do this.
I have active files.
Is there a problem,
and who are you?
I am Renee Murphy.
- Who are you?
- Abbey Coleman.
Your new problem.
I need that computer
to do my work.
I am sure there
is something.
You can occupy
your time, Murphy.
I have personal
files.
Well, you
should not.
Do you know how many
hours I log in here?
There has been a breach, if
you have not already heard.
I will need you
to step aside.
Until this
investigation is done.
In addition, how
long will that take?
As long as
it takes.
Excuse me. Renee?
Looks like we have a
fresh crime scene.
I will meet
you there.
Okay.
Attend to your duties, Murphy,
moreover, I will attend to mine.
Stay out of my way.
STREET CLOSED
CRIME SCENE
DO NOT CROSS
Kyle?
What is going on?
It is Jade.
That is three
dead girls…
all with the exact
same rope pattern.
This is a
serial killer.
Kyle, does Jade
remind you of Holly?
Same age,
same hair.
I mean, there are
some similarities.
Yeah, maybe she reminded
him of someone.
An ex-lover,
family member.
Serial killers tend
to go after types.
Are you suggesting this has
something to do with Holly?
Can you think of anyone, like
someone who was bothering her?
She was a cop. There
was always someone.
I mean, she
had an edge.
I think you are
overthinking this, Renee.
That is my job.
What about the fact that
nobody knew Jessica Grigson?
If your theory
is correct.
There are many
other victims,
between her
and Holly.
Maybe Jade got on his
radar through the case.
- This area is blocked off.
- Hey, hey...
Maybe he is
watching us.
- Hey, Tim, take it easy.
- Jade.
- Come on. Take it easy.
- What happened?
Take it easy.
Come on.
Let us go.
Come with me.
What happened
with Jade?
I got you.
Special Agent Coleman
wants to see you.
Okay, I am just going to
take this to the lab.
No. She wants
to see you, now!
Morgan, what
is going on?
I cannot say.
- Renee?
- Jack?
It is okay, honey.
It is okay.
Call my lawyer.
- I did not do this!
- Come on.
I did not do this!
I love you!
Morgan, what
is going on?
You know that, I
cannot say anything.
Just do me a favor, and do
not incriminate yourself.
Your husband has
done that for you.
What?
Just answer the
questions, Renee,
and you will
be fine.
You have not done anything
wrong, right. Let us go.
Have a seat.
We found evidence
on your computer.
What evidence?
The partial prints
from the Grigson case…
came back
from the lab.
It is a match to the
print that you hid…
in your personal
folder.
They both connect
to a Steven Boyden.
That is your husband
Jack Alias, is not it?
There has to be
some mistake.
How long have you known
your husband is a killer?
He is not a killer.
However, you found out
his real name, his past.
What did he say, when
you confronted him?
He did not deny it.
Moreover, since, when
is a man proven guilty?
Without any
real evidence.
He has a rap sheet…
that I would say is a
precursor to murder.
I need your help
here, Renee.
I do not want you to lose
your job, and your husband.
Something made you
suspect him enough…
to run his prints
through the system.
Are you charging
me with something?
Do I need a lawyer?
Look.
If you cooperate
with us.
Things may go easier
on you in the future.
Are you
threatening me?
That would
not be wise.
That partial print will
not hold up in court.
Moreover, the print I took
was not a legal search.
Nevertheless, you
already know that.
Therefore, unless you have
something real, we are done.
I would have
a seat.
You have nothing.
I have enough temporarily to
remove you, from your duties.
Fine.
- Renee.
- I...
I am sending the CSI
team to your house.
We are waiting for a
warrant. Take these keys.
Take the keys.
Go to my house.
You do not talk to anyone except
to your lawyer, you got it?
All right, people,
head on in.
Let us go then.
- Hey.
- Hi.
Can I sit in on
the meeting?
Sure. I am Bess.
Renee.
Attending a meeting is the
first step in recovery.
Everyone is here
to support you.
I have a friend who gone
in here, Jack Murphy.
Yeah, I know Jack. He
is a great person.
How long have
you know him?
He is my sponsor.
Without him, I would
be back on street.
He helped many
people here.
The meeting is
about to start.
Come on in.
Hey, everyone welcome
to this week meeting.
I just want to remind everyone
this is a safe place.
A place for healing,
and for sharing,
so let us be
welcome and warm…
to those who need
to share tonight.
Daddy should be
home any minute.
I never knew you were, so
I handy in the kitchen.
Well, it is either
that or starves.
Hey, Daddy, how
was your day?
It was great, sweetheart,
how was yours?
It was good. Dinner
is not quite ready.
Therefore, I am going to
do a bit more homework.
- All right, kiddo.
- Okay.
How are you?
I am waiting to hear
back from Jack's lawyer.
He could be out, as
early as tomorrow.
Kyle, I am not going
to give up on him.
You know, I cannot talk
about the details…
of this investigation
with you.
I know, I know. So
please, just listen.
Renee.
I saw him with
another woman.
I was angry and jealous,
I jumped to conclusions.
Nevertheless,
I was wrong.
He is a sponsor in a
drug recovery program.
I just came
from there.
She did not know
that I was his wife.
He is not lying.
In addition, he never
mentioned this before.
I mean, it is as if he has
hidden his entire life from you.
Because he was scared, that his
past would affect our future.
That I would not
understand.
Do not people deserve
a second chance?
Yes, I get that.
In addition, a second
chance is what I...
Kyle, please.
Is a fingerprint
all they have?
Yes.
Therefore, somebody
could have planted it.
We do not know
that for sure.
I got something.
- What is that?
- It is a carabiner.
Climbers use them to keep
tension on the ropes.
You ran his print.
I do not think you are as
sure about this as you think.
I need to go home.
I think you
should stay.
I really
have to go.
Okay. Your place is
probably clear by now.
You reached the law offices
of Steinke and Young.
Please leave a detailed message,
and we will return your call.
Hi, this is
Renee Murphy.
I am calling to get an update
on my husband, Jack Murphy.
Please call me back
as soon as possible.
Jack, are you
all right?
Yeah, I just
was released.
Really?
Yeah, I will
explain later.
- I am on my way.
- All right, thanks.
- Hey, honey?
- Yeah?
I love you.
I love you, too.
See you soon.
Hi.
What happened?
The DA decided there was not
enough evidence to go a jury.
- It is over.
- I am a free man.
Take this free man home,
he needs a shower.
- What happened?
- I do not know.
The investigators asked
me for a list of names…
the persons I climb with,
and I do not know.
I guess someone stole
some of my equipment.
Moreover, they are thinking
somebody is trying to frame me.
I am just glad
it is over.
YOU HAVE 1 MESSAGE
Hey, where are you?
Jack?
What is it?
I have something,
I have to tell you.
When I saw you
with Bess.
I ran your
fingerprints.
That is how they had them
to match with the evidence.
This is my fault.
You are a Cop.
I get it.
You are just
doing your job.
Baby, I am so sorry.
Let it go.
All right?
It is over.
Come here.
I think somebody is really
trying to get a hold of you.
Well, they are just
going to have to wait.
Coleman wants
to see you.
Hey.
Therefore, listen, I
am sorry about before.
I was following
orders.
Okay.
Have a seat.
Are you leaving
so soon?
My job here
is done.
All the access codes
were changed.
Sign this for
clearance, please.
No hard feelings?
You were just
doing your job.
Moreover, you were
just doing yours.
Am I backing on the
Grigson case, and Jade's?
The perp is still out
there, so lots to do.
Thank you.
I am glad I was wrong
about your husband.
I too.
New sign in
procedure.
You have to initial
here, here, and here.
Are you okay?
Yeah. Getting there.
You?
Better.
We have a lot
of work to do.
That lockdown cost
us valuable time.
Yeah. Any evidence access
is logged manually…
on the computer.
Great! I am going
to need you…
to get me back up to
speed on the cases.
Done.
In addition, it is… it is
nice to have you back.
It is nice
to be back.
Expedite this to the
lab, label it is urgent.
I will run it
over right now.
POLICE DEPARTMENT
NNM
LOVE JADE
- Jack?
- Hey.
Where are you? It is the
middle of the night.
Yeah, I am sorry, I am sorry.
I am still at the station.
You said you were going to stop
these late nights, remember?
I think we had a
break-through.
Whait! Did you
find the killer?
We have a
possible lead.
That is great.
I knew you would find
the right person.
Now, can you please
come home, honey?
Okay. I will
see you soon.
1 NEW EMAIL
DNA HAIR RESULTS-FORENSIC
LABORATORY ANALYSIS
FORENSIC
LABORATORY REPORT
ANALYTICAL RESULTS: ONE
MATCHING PROFILE WAS FOUND
Shit!
Hey. I need you to
come down here.
Right now.
What is up?
We got a hit off the hair
from Jade's crime scene.
I thought that was
going to take days.
It would if it
was an unknown.
However, not if it is
already in our database.
I do not like where
this is going.
Who is it?
It is Tim.
Tim?
Does this could not
wait until morning?
Renee got a hit off the
hair at Jade's crime scene.
What would
you bring up?
It is Tim.
No, no, no, no, no,
It has to be…
a cross-contamination
at the crime scene.
I worked the body.
I came in first,
he came in after me.
He did not go
near Jade.
He was too upset to
work the crime scene.
She is right.
She was the only one who
went anywhere near Jade.
It could also explain
the computer hacking.
All right, I will get a search
warrant to search his home.
Morgan brings
him in.
How is it coming?
He is asking
for you.
I cannot get
anything out of him.
Maybe he will
talk to you.
How are you doing?
Renee, they… they
got it all wrong.
I would never
hurt Jade.
Nevertheless,
you did...
Have a personal relationship
with her, did not you?
I loved Jade.
We had a thing
for a while.
We did not
tell anyone,
but I wanted to
make it official.
How about Jade?
How did she feel
about that?
Not the same as me.
I think there was
someone else.
She started
acting all funny.
She said she had a
friend she had to meet.
I could tell it was
another person.
Did she say
who he was?
No.
That must have
made you so upset.
I would never
hurt her.
I loved her.
God, I swear,
I swear, Renee.
I could not do that to
anyone, especially her.
You have to help
me here.
Now give me some more
personal details about Jade.
She was... she was
very private.
However, I could tell she had
some problems from the past.
How? Like what?
She went through a
lot of therapy.
Psychiatrists?
Psychologist? Counsellor?
No. No.
Not AA,
something else,
Some, some
organization.
Help me here.
She is an
ex-drug addict.
Wait! You believe
me, do not you?
Renee?
NNM-
NARCOTICS-NO-MORE
No.
Jade, are you looking
for something?
I just needed
my phone.
You know me, I cannot
go anywhere without it.
PINE CREST
SELF STORAGE
You are bastard.
Renee? Tim is out on bail,
and I cannot find Kyle.
Do you know
where he is?
No, I have no
idea where he is.
Could you call him? Maybe
he will pick up for you.
Sure.
Where are you?
I am at home.
I just, stopped by to
change my clothes.
I will see
you shortly.
Okay, let me know if
you get him, please.
Red, orange,
yellow, green.
No blue.
Kyle, I need
your help.
I konw who the
killer is.
Meet me at my
house ASAP.
Kyle, I need to
talk to you.
Please, call
me ASAP.
YOU HAVE 1
NEW MESSAGE
Renee, if you want
to see jack again
meet me at
Devil's Punch Bowl.
Hey.
Hey, I just got a
text from Tim.
He has Jack.
What? Tim has Jack.
I do not understand.
He is at Devil's Punch
Bowl, right now.
You are cutting out,
Renee. I cannot.
Devil's Punch Bowl.
Renee?
Just stop
right there!
- What?
- It is over, Jack.
I know what
you did.
You need to turn
yourself in.
What are you
talking about?
Tim is the one who
kidnapped me.
He is the killer.
I found the
storage locker.
The police are
there, right now.
Kyle and Morgan are
on their way here.
You know, when you are
laying you get this...
Dimple on the side
of your cheek.
Right here.
Did you know that?
Nobody is
coming, Renee.
You stay right there,
I am warning you.
Alternatively, what?
Are you going to
fingerprint me?
All those women.
Holly, Jennifer,
Jade.
You.
Why, Jack?
Why not? I think is the
appropriate question.
Jade helped you
to frame Tim.
Did not she?
However, she did not know
that you would turn on her.
Why, Jack?
Because it is
a game, Renee.
You should
know that.
Holly was the
hardest but…
Jade was
somewhat funny.
Therefore, you were just
biding your time with me.
No.
No, no, honey, you were
different from the others.
Well, you...
You showed me respect
and comfort.
I thought that I could
grow to love it.
I thought I could
grow to love you.
That is because you are
incapable to love.
Sociopaths relate
to obsession.
You will never
find love.
Renee?
Then I guess you will just
going to have to meet others.
Renee?
It was Jack.
- Are you okay?
- Yes.
FOUR WEEKS LATER
We have always
been close.
I do not know
about that.
But we make
a good team.
Yeah.
Well, well. All hail to
the new head of CSI.
Thank you.
It is going to be hard losing
one of the department's best.
However, I guess when
the big guns call.
We have to go.
Congratulations.
Renee, you deserve
every bit of this.
Thank you.
How are you doing?
I am getting there.
Well, you
look great.
Thank you.
You need a drink,
is what you need.
Well, I always knew you would
make head of CSI someday.
I just want to
say I am sorry,
if I was ever
hard on you.
That is okay.
I get it.
Moreover, hey,
listen, I mean…
Now that we are officially
not working together,
not even in the
same precinct.
Maybe we could…
take a walk
sometime.
You know,
with Sage.
I would like that.
I thought that
was funny.
It is like,
my God!
Yeah.
- Here you go.
- Thanks.
Thank you.
Such a nice day
for a walk.
Thanks for
the invite.
- Shall we go?
- Yes.
A WIFE'S SUSPICION
Translation. Review. Synchronization by Angel.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org